{\rtf1\ansi\deff3\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Sans{\*\falt Arial};}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Microsoft YaHei;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 NSimSun;}{\f7\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f8\fswiss\fprq0\fcharset128 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\hich\af3\dbch\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af7\afs24\alang1081\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\loch\f3\fs24\lang3081\kerning1 Normal;}
{\s2\sbasedon16\snext17\dbch\af6\dbch\af7\afs36\ab\ilvl1\outlinelevel1\sb200\sa120\keepn\loch\f3\fs36\b Heading 2;}
{\*\cs15\snext15\langfe255\alang255\cf9\lang255\ul\ulc0 Internet Link;}
{\s16\sbasedon0\snext17\dbch\af5\dbch\af7\afs28\sb240\sa120\keepn\loch\f4\fs28 Heading;}
{\s17\sbasedon0\snext17\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140 Text Body;}
{\s18\sbasedon17\snext18\dbch\af8\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140 List;}
{\s19\sbasedon0\snext19\dbch\af8\afs24\ai\sb120\sa120\noline\fs24\i Caption;}
{\s20\sbasedon0\snext20\dbch\af8\noline Index;}
}{\*\generator LibreOffice/6.3.1.2$Windows_X86_64 LibreOffice_project/b79626edf0065ac373bd1df5c28bd630b4424273}{\info{\creatim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\revtim\yr2019\mo9\dy27\hr14\min19}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}}{\*\userprops}\deftab709
\viewscale150
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse451\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\pgdscnxt0 Default Style;}}
\formshade\paperh16838\paperw11906\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\sectunlocked1\pgndec\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
{\*\ftnsep\chftnsep}\pgndec\pard\plain \s2\dbch\af6\dbch\af7\afs36\ab\ilvl1\outlinelevel1\sb200\sa120\keepn\loch\f3\fs36\b\ql\sb200\sa120\ltrpar{\loch
My ideal Job }
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\sl276\slmult1\ql\sb0\sa140\ltrpar{\loch
In an ideal world, I would like to work for a company like Blizzard as I have always been a big fan of all the Blizzard universe games. It would be an amazing opportunity to be involved in the next iteration of the series, or maybe even something brand new.}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\sl276\slmult1\ql\sb0\sa140\ltrpar{\loch
In this ideal world I would see myself in a senior role, either in project management or as a senior engineer. As long as I still get the opportunity to have a hands on role in creation of new content.}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\sl276\slmult1\ql\sb0\sa140\ltrpar{\loch
The position I have linked here is for a senior software engineer for Blizzards Diablo branch, from what I can gather the role is designed to be a leader of a team.}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\sl276\slmult1\ql\sb0\sa140\ltrpar{\loch
The role of this team is to improve how Diablo content is created through the use of various software tools.}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\sl276\slmult1\ql\sb0\sa140\ltrpar{\loch
To apply for this job I would have to acquire a very good understanding of C#, .NET and WFP coding languages. It would help to be proficient at developing, debugging and problem solving both in a coding environment and team management. Blizzard\u8217\'92s main driving force is games and employs people that are excited and passionate about computer games in particular Blizzard computer games.}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\sl276\slmult1\ql\sb0\sa140\ltrpar{\loch
At this point all I could offer Blizzard would be a passion for their brand, I have been a Blizzard kid since I first started gaming and have completed Diablo 1, 2 and 3 multiple times, spent countless hours in the Warcraft universe and watch many Overwatch Twitch streamers.}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\sl276\slmult1\ql\sb0\sa140\ltrpar{\loch
I am a motivated person and can inspire those around me to work in an efficient manner while still having a fun time at work.}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\sl276\slmult1\ql\sb0\sa140\ltrpar{\loch
My plan to obtain the required skill would start with an entry level position within Blizzard and work my way up from there, that combined with the training received from RMIT would put me in a great position to work for Blizzard as I have a passion for games love the Blizzard universe.}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\sl276\slmult1\ql\sb0\sa140\ltrpar{\loch
As with all jobs if you wish to move your way up the career path you would constantly need to be upgrading your skills. This could mean learning new coding languages, taking seminars on leadership or even just getting hands on experience by learning from your peers}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\sl276\slmult1\ql\sb0\sa140\ltrpar{\loch
I have attached a }{{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://careers.blizzard.com/en-us/openings/oe2Uafw4" }{\fldrslt {\rtlch \ltrch\langfe255\alang255\cf9\lang255\ul\ulc0\loch
link}{}}}\loch
 to the original job posting here}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\sl276\slmult1\ql\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\hich\af3\dbch\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af7\afs24\alang1081\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\loch\f3\fs24\lang3081\kerning1\ql\ltrpar{\loch
Photo by }{{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://unsplash.com/@matthardy?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText" }{\fldrslt {\rtlch \ltrch\langfe255\alang255\cf9\lang255\ul\ulc0\loch
Matt Hardy}{}}}\loch
 on }{{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://unsplash.com/s/photos/ocean?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText" }{\fldrslt {\rtlch \ltrch\langfe255\alang255\cf9\lang255\ul\ulc0\loch
Unsplash}}}}
\par \pard\plain \s17\sl276\slmult1\sb0\sa140\sl276\slmult1\ql\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\hich\af3\dbch\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af7\afs24\alang1081\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\ltrpar\cf0\loch\f3\fs24\lang3081\kerning1\ql\ltrpar\loch

\par }